# Entities
The entities in our project represent database tables where 
information is stored. We use TypeORM, a special class, 
to define the structure of these tables. 

## Learner
The Learner is the system's client/user
<details>
<summary>Learner Class</summary>

### Learner Properties
* `id`: Autogenerated ID.
* `fullname`: The learner's full name
* `username`: The learner's username
* `email`: The learner's email
* `profileImg`: The learner's profile image.

### Learner Methods
* `createLearner()`: Creates a new Learner.
* `updateLearner()`: Updates a new Learner.
* `deleteLearner()`: Deletes a Learner by id.
* `readLearner()`: Reads a Learner by id, username and email.

</details>

## Techinque
The Technique entity is an abstraction of the Pomodoro technique 
and can be adapted to create other techniques.
<details>
<summary>Technique Class</summary>

### Technique Properties
* `id`: Autogenerated ID.
* `learnerId`: The Learner's id owner.
* `title`: The technique's title.
* `breakTime`: The technique's break time after an interval.
* `interval`: The technique's interval for every session.

### Technique Methods
* `createTechnique()`: Creates a new Technique.
* `updateTechnique()`: Updates a new Technique.
* `deleteTechnique()`: Deletes a Technique by id.
* `readTechnique()`: Reads a Technique by id.

</details>

#### Event
The Event entity is designed to save daily events for the user.
There are four types of events: important, normal, irrelevant,
and flexible.
<details>
<summary>Event Class</summary>

### Event Properties
* `id`: Autogenerated ID.
* `learnerId`: Learner.
* `techniqueId`: The Technique's.
* `title`: The Event's title.
* `description`: The Event's brief description.
* `startDate`: The Event's start date.
* `endDate`: The Event's end date.
* `type`: The Event's types. 

### Event Methods
* `createEvent()`: Creates a new Event.
* `updateEvent()`: Updates a new Event.
* `deleteEvent()`: Deletes a Event by id.
* `readEvent()`: Reads a Event by id or by Learner id relation.

</details>

## Activity
The Activity entity is one or more tasks for
an Event.
<details>
<summary>Learner Class</summary>

### Activity Properties
* `id`: Autogenerated ID.
* `eventId`: The Event's id.
* `title`: The Activity's title.
* `startTime`: The Activity's start time.
* `endTime`: The Activity's end time.

### Activity Methods
* `createActivity()`: Creates a new Activity.
* `updateActivity()`: Updates a new Activity.
* `deleteActivity()`: Deletes a Activity by id.
* `readActivity()`: Reads a Activity by id and Event id constraint.

</details>

## LearningFile
The LearningFile entity is a file that the learner uses 
for every activity or event.
<details>
<summary>Learner Class</summary>

### LearningFile Properties
* `id`: Autogenerated ID.
* `activityId`: The Activity's id.
* `eventId`: The Event's id.
* `fileName`: The LearningFile's name.
* `format`: The LearningFile's dot type.
* `externalLink`: The LearningFile's link.

### LearningFile Methods
* `createLearningFile()`: Creates a new LearningFile.
* `updateLearningFile()`: Updates a new LearningFile.
* `deleteLearningFile()`: Deletes a LearningFile by id.
* `readLearningFile()`: Reads a LearningFile by id and Event or Activity constraint.

</details>
